Your Love, Health and Hobbies
LOVE MATTERS
Chauhan, You are sociable and look upon a wide circle of friends as the correct state for happiness. From among these friends, you will single out one who means everything to you and that one you will marry, if you have not already done so. Your nature is full of sympathy. Consequently, there is every reason for affirming that your married life will be a happy one. You are the sort that thinks a great deal of your home and its contents, and you expect it to be a comfortable, well-kept place. Disorder in the house is likely to grate on your susceptibilites. Your children will mean a great deal to you. You will work for them and give them the utmost in education and enjoyment, and what you lavish on them will not be wasted.

HEALTH
Chauhan, Above all things, you must avoid overwork and overstrain. You are prone to both and your nature is such that they are particularly harmful to you. Be careful to get sufficient sleep and do not plan things while lying in bed. Try to make your mind a total blank then. If possible, look upon the week-end as a time for complete rest and not one in which to do all the odd things that have been held up during the week. Too much excitement is decidedly bad and a time of hurry and flurry will take more out of you than it will from most people. Therefore, try to live a serene and peaceful life. Do not worry over what cannot be helped. You are apt to suffer from such complains as insomnia, neuralgia, headaches and eye-strain after the age of 30.

HOBBIES
Chauhan, Vigorous pastimes attract you most and they do you the most good. A really fast game like football, tennis, etc, is a capital outlet for your energies and you will be all the better for it. You will like walking when middle-age is reached, but you will think more of a fourteen than a four mile walk. On holidays, you will not want to sit the beach and wait for the next meal, with only a newspaper to amuse you. The most distant hills will beckon to you, and you will want to know what they look like close to.

https://ascloud.astrosage.com/cloud/home.asp?openloginpopup=1
